W-19626762 Agent Visualizer Overview (#2)
mulesoft/docs-agent-visualizer: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshoot-agent-network.adoc

= Troubleshooting Your Agent Network

Use Agent Visualizer with Anypoint Monitoring to diagnose issues across agents and MCP servers. Open a node’s detail card to see associated metrics and access logs and traces in Anypoint Monitoring.

[[view-metrics]]
== View Metrics

. Select a node to open the detail card.

> . In *Performance and Health*, click *View metrics* to view additional metrics in Anypoint Monitoring Insights. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Performance and Health*, click *View metrics* to view additional metrics in Anypoint Monitoring. 
```

Reviewer: It is an Insights thing, but maybe we downplay since there's no way to navigate from Insights to these metrics.

For more information, see xref:monitoring::anypoint-insights-agentic.adoc[].

[[access-logs]]
== Access Logs

> On US and EU Clouds, Anypoint Monitoring aggregates log files so you can manage, search for, filter, and analyze your logs. You can use aggregated logs in conjunction with monitoring to help identify issues and investigate failures quickly. 

Reviewer: I wonder if we should just focus on the idea that they can get logs for the instance. I'm assuming the link will go directly to those logs, and they won't have to manage, search for, filter, those logs, just analyze. I mean, they could change whatever search shows up.

To verify what I'm saying, I'll try to remember to ask Sathish what search we're using.

. Click the node to open the detail card.
. Click *View Logs* to access the logs for the node.
+
If your organization has the Anypoint Integration Advanced package or a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform, you can view the logs for the asset instance in Anypoint Monitoring. For more information, see xref:monitoring::logs-us-eu.adoc#search-agentic[Get Agent, Broker, and MCP Server Logs].
+
If your organization doesn't have the Anypoint Integration Advanced package or a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform, you can view the logs for the asset instance in API Manager. For more information, see xref:gateway::flex-managed-view-logs-in-monitoring.adoc[].

[[access-traces]]
== Access Traces

[NOTE]

> This feature is available only if your organization has the Anypoint Integration Advanced package or a Titanium subscription to Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: Not sure if we need to mention here, but it's also a beta feature. For future proofing, prob best not to mention though.

Author: Yeah, I was considering adding the beta text but I figured the UI and linking to your doc would cover it.

= Troubleshooting Your Agent Network

> Use Agent Visualizer with Anypoint Monitoring to diagnose issues across agents and MCP servers. Open a node’s detail card to see associated metrics and access logs and traces in Anypoint Monitoring.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use Agent Visualizer with Anypoint Monitoring to diagnose issues across agents and MCP servers. Open a node’s details card to see associated metrics and access logs and traces in Anypoint Monitoring.
```

[[view-metrics]]
== View Metrics

> The detail card for a node includes a *Performance and Health* section with metrics. You can also view additional metrics in Anypoint Monitoring. 

Reviewer 2: Now I'm wondering if it's detail or details.... The components says details.

Reviewer 2: I'll stop marking.

. Select a node to open the detail card.

> . In *Performance and Health*, click *View metrics* to view additional metrics in Anypoint Monitoring. 

Reviewer 2: View Metrics?

> = Troubleshoot Your Agent Network

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Troubleshooting Your Agent Network
```

> Agent Visualizer gives you quick access to tools to troubleshoot your agent network.

Reviewer 2: (Summarize the topic)

> == Viewing Metrics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== View Metrics
```

Reviewer: Are these metrics shown in Visualizer or are they going to Monitoring? @valkyrie69

. Select a node to open the detail card.

> . In *Performance and Health*, click *View metrics* to access the metrics for the node:

Reviewer 2: Is the button not Title Case in the UI?

+
* Successful Requests
+

> This metric is shown for brokers, agents, and MCP servers. This is the total number of requests received successfully in the last 24 hours. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This metric, shown for brokers, agents, and MCP servers, is the total number of requests received successfully in the last 24 hours. 
```

* Failed Request Rate
+

> This metric is shown for brokers, agents, and MCP servers. This is the percentage of requests that failed in the last 24 hours. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This metric, shown for brokers, agents, and MCP servers, is the percentage of requests that failed in the last 24 hours. 
```

* A2A Calls Sent
+

> This metric is shown for brokers. This is the total number of messages sent to agents using the Agent2Agent (A2A) protocol in the last 24 hours. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This metric, shown for brokers, is the total number of messages sent to agents using the Agent2Agent (A2A) protocol in the last 24 hours. 
```

* MCP Calls Sent
+

> This metric is shown for MCP servers. This is the total number of messages sent to  MCP servers in the last 24 hours. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This metric, shown for MCP servers, is the total number of messages sent to MCP servers in the last 24 hours. 
```

> == Accessing Logs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[[access-logs]]
== Access Logs
```

Reviewer: added anchor to suggestion here and elsewhere

> This metric is shown for MCP servers. This is the total number of messages sent to  MCP servers in the last 24 hours. For more information, see xref:monitoring::anypoint-insights-agentic.adoc[].

Reviewer: Should the link to Monitoring go on a different line? There won't be MCP Calls Sent in Monitoring GA. Per Sathish and what's implemented, we're only doing Total Requests (not Successful), Failed Requests, and Failed Request Rate, and not A2A or MCP Calls Sent. 

```suggestion
This metric is shown for MCP servers. This is the total number of messages sent to  MCP servers in the last 24 hours. 

For more information, see xref:monitoring::anypoint-insights-agentic.adoc[].
```

> On US and EU Clouds, Anypoint Monitoring aggregates log files so you can manage, search for, filter, and analyze your logs. You can use aggregated logs in conjunction with monitoring to help identify issues and investigate failures quickly. 

Reviewer 2: Should "monitoring" be init cap here?

Author: That's how it is in Monitoring documentation so I was following that.

Reviewer: can you put an anchor over the title of this section so I can link to it?

. Click the node to open the detail card.
. Click *View Logs* to access the logs for the node.
+

> You are taken to Anypoint Monitoring where you can view the logs for the asset instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anypoint Monitoring opens and you can view the logs for the asset instance.
```

> == Accessing Traces

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[[access-traces]]
== Access Traces
```

> == Access Traces

Reviewer: can you put an anchor over the title of this section so I can link to it?

Use Traces in Anypoint Monitoring to track the flow of requests that travel through service pipelines. Examine traces in Open Telemetry (OTEL) spans to troubleshoot requests that have errors or slow response times, optimize your resource allocation, and track requests end-to-end. 

. Click the node to open the detail card.
. Click *View Traces* to access the traces for the node.
+

> You are taken to Anypoint Monitoring where you can view the *Traces Details* page for the asset instance. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anypoint Monitoring opens and you can view the *Traces Details* page for the asset instance. 
```

. Click the node to open the details card.
. Click *View Logs* to access the logs for the node.
+

> Instance-specific logs for an the agent or MCP server are shown.

Reviewer 2: either "an" or "the" but not both.
